hello guys new video this here
will be a video a bit special in the
sense that I finally managed to
find a lidl near my house
for those who asked me why already
they commented under the photos of
Facebook
however instagram the island where they are
I was in Rome in Via Gino Cervi
number 46 8 is substantially behind the
rome door mall
so I finally managed to do
a jump there to try all these
products that everyone is hoping for
the only stan lee idiot and then tested
I went on Sunday to take a ride and
I started to try some committee
I bought some products for
in short, try the brand
I didn't feel anything about it
in short, I bought all this yesterday
but here I show you what I have
taken we start from the two things I have
took the famous series
cotton pads just like now
you will know if with 120 pieces and helping you
with the receipt they came to 89
these cents to know here
lard gained aubry who have not
still tried so I took them as
I see they are sewn so I hope to
find me well I'll try again in a while because
I have an open hub open a pack of
katy songs of other product the old
wanted to try are these here that are
the make-up remover wipes for skins
normal and mixed there was also another
version for sensitive skin if not if
I'm not wrong these are not good not here
I've never tried it and haven't heard much
talk maybe I did not catch short
the right video because I know that anyway
they are famous maybe people below me here
a little comment and let me know what
think of these in these little bags
I think I'll try it short because I'm in
to finish those of the stria and then
let's move on to four products that offers me
who understood the asean
then before going for a ride
precisely where I prepared myself
watching some videos that was on
youtube I started from that
of pink fashion 1985 precisely abroad
watching a great bass because me
I remembered that he had just done one
review on its siena products it had
tried and recommended this a lot
cleanser
I think many people recommend it because
in several for are something heard
speak well of this product and it is a
cleansing milk with lotus flowers e
silk and I am 250 ml of product I make you
see also the ICE if it were
interested and I only paid one
euro and 79 for 250 ml I really hope to
find these products very well
because I spent very little
so I really hope to get along well
the wipes in dispute I don't have it
said but they came one euro and 29 then
always under the advice of the video
of alessia I wanted to take this
this hand cream here is a cream
with almond oil and shea butter
and it is a 125 ml of product
this and lynx and I only paid for it
a EUR 19 and therefore also here Storari
find me well I'm finishing that of
book is there so I'll try it in a
a little, however, given that it was needed
take it because it is a format really
great and with the cost really
ridiculous
then another very famous product of the
brand siae is precisely the detergent
intimate mega cleansing potion
intimate because it really is really
so many ml is this here is type to
prayer
however it is a detergent that protects and
soothes moisturizes the skin and is looked at
here 500 ml of product and I paid for it
only one euro and 39 girls of that
we're talking about
if this is true it is precisely a
so definitely discount the prices
they are advantageous sim but you talk about it
so much good that I really am
very curious to try these products
because the price is really very low
so this one I used
This morning
first application however a simple one
cleaners that I liked the has me
given problems at the time and therefore
surely sooner or later I'll finish it
I will absolutely buy again now that
I discovered that we are practically saying
a quarter of an hour twenty minutes with with
car from my house I will be there soon
another jump and then I wanted to try
because I saw it from a video of a
girl that unfortunately I don't remember
the name maybe I'll leave you below the
link you can find it again I had
try this hair conditioner
enough provitamin to those in shine
bright color and nourishment for
dyed and wasted hair therefore having
however, I give the stakes anyway
highlights like music and going
however to dry a few hairs
wanted to try this type of di
jump and this is where guys are 300
ml of product
this here is lynx and the balm i have
only spoke one euro in 19 then
these were my little ones here
purchases from from lidl and I'd like that
you recommend me some product
in short, you have tried media not
among these I think is worth it
buy so now I have purchased
the little things we say
I needed them in the short term or others
I didn't want to try things too
scrub facial cleansers though
at the moment I have them maybe
advise me which ones are yours
top isee products cn so
in short I go more prepared then to the
second round
I hope that this would have made you
I am really delighted
found the leader and to be short
went on to try these products
I send you a very big kiss and there
see you at the next video bye